this is better than my imagination
ha
Jennifer
you look great today
me too thanks since we both look great
why don't we go out tonight and look
great together
right I'll go to a nice quiet cafe over
a pizza and fall in love
I can't wait you big hunk but first get
me out of this pillow mmm let's order
pizza and fall in love you're history I
know it sounds like a lot of money mr.
McCoy but it's a beautiful spacious
house I mean what do you think would be
a fair price right now no not you mr.
McCoy yeah that's a good fair offer
thank you all right
good timing guys especially you Andrew I
expect you to set an example you're
older and we keep sneaking into my room
Andrew was talking mushy stuff to a
pillow he was about to kiss it when I
came in all right Erin that's enough
she's crazy mom I was talking to myself
while I made the bed oh look guys you're
gonna have to live together a long time
too long well hey Andrew you're coming
so close to being grounded you're right
mom
it won't happen again I promise come on
Erin let me tell you the good points
about becoming a foreign exchange
student
okay who can tell me why in Turnbull's
experiment the group a rats refused to
drink the water
Jennifer Turnbull had conditioned their
responses good which of course tells us
that the beer adds strength because they
Andrew why did the group be rats drink
to forget their problems
hi I'm Andrew my friends call me Andrew
oh hi Jenna right so you'd be rats can't
forget their problems huh I got it from
a very reliable source you're cute
I was shooting for handsome but I'll
take what I can get I was wondering if
you say no I won't mind what was the
question
good point how do you feel about dinner
I think it should follow breakfast and
lunch I mean with me tomorrow night
yes you're great
Wow shooting for terrific but I'll take
what I
why don't you try the shirt over your
face Aaron how many times do I have to
tell you to keep out of my lose 105
repeat after me I will never come into
my handsome brother's room again all
right Andrew that is enough mom I had to
do something she was going to jump I've
warned you about fighting with your
sisters you're grounded
but I've got a date with the guys
tomorrow well you should have thought of
that before please don't do this
I'll give you money Andrew okay
I'll thank you excuse me
Jennifer hi I'll see you later
hi hi about tonight yeah we were looking
forward to it you are yeah I even bought
a new blouse meet you
I told my mom all about you what'd she
say that I could go out with you anyway
listen last night I was thinking about
our date you yeah well I'll come get you
at 7:00 perfect
see you then potentially that was an
error
the neutrinos are massless and the
electrons and positrons are small enough
so that during primordial
nucleosynthesis they would actually move
at the speed of light I love it when I
can inject a little Dewar into these
things dr. J no Andrew
whatever the question is the answer is
no it's an emergency
girl trouble how do you know you're 14
so you know what it was like with girls
when you were 14 yes and it never
changes actually it's Aaron
he's always interrupting me what I'm
trying to work yes I can imagine how
that feels
yeah it's starting to affect my grades
mm-hmm that's not good
but I don't see what I can do to help
well I was thinking maybe you can make
some kind of super-sensitive audio
sensor that can pick up any kind of
sound that approaches my room and what
good would that do
Oh lots of course I realize how hard
that could be even for someone as smart
as you when would you like it well I've
got this big history exam tomorrow so I
need it by this evening that will be
difficult I have to deliver this article
tonight I'll deliver it you mean on your
study break oh right
well that would give me enough time to
finish the article and build the sensor
great can I pick it up at 6:00 yes all
right thanks dr. J I knew you could do
it
you're the best scientist in the world
make that the universe all right Andrew
I already said yes okay you're the best
scientists in the world
universe
mm-hmm
that's gonna be nice Thank You Aaron
radio tease Andrew so much because it's
fun I don't tease him you know I
grounded Andrew because he broke his
promise but you were as much to blame as
he was for that fight
yeah you've got to respect his privacy
honey but you're taking all the fun out
of it Aaron
I don't feel it at all
of course not there are microchips
bigger than that receiver
okay now we're activated want to hear a
pin drop whoa
now this is the sensor to put that in
the doorway of your bedroom and you can
hear Aaron change her mind
will I be able to hear her even if I'm
not in the room you could be deep-sea
diving and you could still hear her
you're the greatest doctor Jay this is
the computer disk that my article is on
they closed the building at 8:00 don't
worry you can count on Ultraman I'm
counting on you
your sister and I are going on some
errands you want to spring back some ice
cream
perhaps bread and water would be more
appropriate all right
and I'll talk to the governor about a
stay of execution
My Goddess oh wait
and so begins the greatest night of my
life
Oh aren't they pretty
you too can I buy you a flower
Andrew one
yeah oh I could have forgot my wart
it's okay I hear a lot of bad things
happen to when you get old Oh like
mothers forgetting to buy their
daughters ice cream oh but you've got a
lot of good years ahead of you
Thanks it's hard to decide go ahead take
the biggest one can I have that one
Andrew it's my wallet up there oh no oh
I'm sorry no I I mean that one's better
oh that's so sweet of you
that'll be $5 I'll be right back
I know I'm here
oh hi mom I didn't hear you you haven't
seen my wallet have you shirts black no
I mean I thought you were doing your
history I needed a break there's just
too many kings of France named Louie
yeah someone should talk to them about
that hi sorry I forgot my wallet I
didn't mean to scare you away I'll sell
it for 250
in that case I'll take two here these
are almost as pretty as you thank you
what I didn't say anything I know I'm
sorry I can't believe we're here
together I've been wanting to ask you
out for a long time I've been wanting
you to ask me out for a long time too
have you been feeling the same way about
hugging your funny I hope you meant that
in a nice way you know I read somewhere
that women prefer a man with a sense of
humor how about you
I can't believe everything you read in a
magazine article the article you read it
- I thought it was real interesting it
said that first dates are important you
can get 19 for gonna hit often I hold
that thought
I've got the quantum article sorry it's
after 8:00 the building is closed come
on this is a matter of life and death
look come back tomorrow morning I can't
be home already
what kind of flavor of ice cream do you
think I should get
I hear rocky roads pretty hard to beat
no I had that last week you went to the
burger barn last week
angel took me oh the worst brother in
the world watch you an ice cream well I
think he did it just to impress a girl
where's your cute friend keeps me an
actor cuddles weird all night yeah man
they should come with a set of
instructions
the wind Jennifer
excuse me I use it you're using that
in drew have you been well last summer
we went to Niagara Falls this year looks
good for the Grand Canyon camed just now
I was putting money in the parking meter
we walked I sometimes like to help
people out
mom says what goes around comes around
here mom's right wait don't go there's
something I have to tell you I'm not
supposed to be here tonight I'm supposed
to be with a sick friend I was talking
to him on the phone I didn't want to bum
out on your evening
you could have told me I mean I would
have understood I guess I should have
you know you really a sweet guy
dr. Jeff ko ah given what a pleasant
surprise
please join me thank you well what would
you like my treat
Wow thank you I'd like a triple-decker
sundae with two scoops of chocolate and
two scoops of chocolate crunch and two
scoops of chocolate fudge swirl waiter
I'll have the same
you gotta stick around long enough to
pay this toll worried he's not going
anywhere I've got to see my sick friend
now well he's still sick Jane I feel a
little guilty but Andrew maybe we should
take him as an ice cream why he's not
punishment punishment he was very mean
to me and Erin Andrews been grounded
I wanted a year but I couldn't get mom
to go for it just how grounded is he
well let's just say for the next couple
of weeks his bedroom I'll be his best
friend
maybe I should give him a call
cheer him up a little bit well right now
yes right now you told me you couldn't
have any fun cause I'm an adult I don't
count
we can't wait any longer for Jeff Coates
article you want to go with the Davidson
piece on anti-gravity yeah that's too
far-fetched hi I hope I'm not too late
with dr. Jeff codes article
Radames brush your teeth and don't
forget to say goodnight but I'm not
allowed in this room well tonight we'll
make an exception
Andrew
mrs. Clemons yes
how's Andhra doing oh I think he's
taking it pretty well has a sick friend
he's sick friend yeah well he seemed
real concerned about him at the
restaurant the restaurant what we've
drawn where we were having dinner
tonight mom I did my history and I'm
kind of hungry so if I could go out
I looked on it as a calculated risk if
I'd succeeded I would have had the date
of my life
if I failed ground it for eternity
ah but you missed the point entirely
what do you mean your mother trusted you
and you let her down you're right a good
relationship requires trust and above
all honesty I really blew it I lied to
you I lied to mom and I lied to Jennifer
well land or the important thing is that
we learn from our mistakes what do you
say I go home and whip up some of my
famous coconut macaroons sure but can
you get Jennifer to deliver them dr. J
yes to be perfectly honest I never
really liked your coconut macaroons
Andrew sometimes a little white lie is
okay